Thus, we jam into our dinner.
Look, it's him.
Look, he's confused.
is in the kitchen.
How do I find him?
How to find ballots in the popularity flow?
unlikely to come around
spoons with them
go to
dirty
residue
I wonder if they're still young.
Hey, hey, hey, wait!
I'm making a bowl of rice now, so I need to eat it.
I'm going to eat it.
Don't run away.
Hey, you idiot, it's hard to go this way.
There's a dog.
The dog is eating.
Oh, I fell.
Oh, I have to go there.
The big one in the upper part is here.
There's a big pit hole in the middle.
Hey, you idiot, you idiot.
I'm sorry.
There's a big pit hole in the middle.
Oh, my father is back.
I don't know what it is now.
A liar came.
Why did you scare me?
I scared you.
I said I didn't have a father.
I don't know how many I've taught you.
When I'm not there, I'm there.
I'm not there when I'm there.
If I don't, I won't lie.
So I lied and cried.
I was about to go home from Fujiyama.
I took a line and went to the police station.
I crushed the string.
My mother said,
I don't know what to do.
I have to take a box and wash it.
I went to the laundry.
I crushed the string.
I was surprised that a liar came.
I was surprised and disappeared.
I went to the other side.
There was a dog and I was killed.
I was in the shadow.
I went to the other side.
I was in the upper part.
I was in the pit hole.
I fell down and fell down.
I woke up and came back.
I think something happened when I fell down.
I went and brought it.
When I opened it,
there was a lot of hair in it.
I don't think it's a child.
I was lying.
I was a fool.
I said, there was something in it.
I took a line and went to the world.
I took a big line.
There was something I wanted to show you.
What is it?
I was stretching from the back.
I was stretching.
I was tired.
I don't know.
I fell down.
I was tired.
I went to the other side.
I was stretching.
I saw something strange.
I went down again.
I was surprised.
I wanted to go up.
I went up and drank tea.
I went down again.
I saw it again.
I was tired.
I went up again.
I went down again.
I was a fool.
I said something stupid.
I said it again.
I started to turn sideways.
I started to turn around my ground.
I hit it.
There was a guy who threw it.
I didn't want to do it.
I saw it.
I was embarrassed.